what happened here , honourable senators , last Tuesday ? 
a bunch of selection committee was . 
yesterday I attended the meeting of the first to committee . 
i know what it will be surprised that the Senate committee will rise and too independent . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the Senate that undertaking a business . 
it is important to determine what is a committee , as some senators , supposedly new Senate committee that sit . 
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the new indeed of . 
it was sent a replacement . 
one name honourable senators , I do . 
i am therefore , that you did not see that kind ? 
that was the fault of their own senators will have to find research . 
one must accept it , do the job when a . 
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate . 
they have much more that the majority of the men and remplissaient in the Senate . 
i remember that the committee held in February of veterans of the hold to the 1998 . 
it is sitting in the House of Commons or the Senate Ni time . 
after all , the Liberals have three of the proceedings of the Senate committee to women . 
the committee were to find the leadership of the Senate is a man . 
to answer the question I asked what could cite the words , hon. senator Carstairs took note , I . 
i asked him Quels were the criteria are as follows : " ? " 
it was a report that the minister said in the first to address the representation of women . 
it was written on that the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only formées delegations Les . 
i have been replaced by the Senate on this issue , Finestone in for a number of years . 
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association . 
i do not know how about these two reports , when the decision or honourable House senators will be . 
the verdict is that each senators on television . 
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or other . 
let us say that ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact it should be translated . 
i do not think the option to . 
if it in a position to a committee , he should accept or any meetings provided a senator part . 
the words in which we are not the corridors of members : 
today , when there is a committee to study the " and " you vote two years in the final Présentez in committee . 
they do not even know what they are the leaders , but when they stand out their considers stand them . 
they do not know what happened no . 
the words " and " is the way in our honourable '' , " continuité senators dedication speech . 
in the Senate , we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks independent how . 
if we do not do business in my own who are concerned about the parliamentary committee créerai international , I . 
we try to no one can . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
is it the pleasure of the Senate , if you want to adopt the motion , any other hon. Senator honourable member , not ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
